untitled/resume.MD, before:

I'm excited about the increasing rate of innovation in the software industry. Especially in regards to 
automation, virtualisation and process optimisation. My goal is to meet business objective and produce 
quality code that is secure, maintainable and robust. 

In order maintain high availability, low risk, low complexity rapid change; my philosophy is lightweight, 
incremental, decoupled releases of sensibly tested, stateless, single responsibility components.

# experience
java [developer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_developer) and kanban [kaizen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaizen) practitioner on a [single dealer platform](single dealer platform) for a bank

# skill stack
- java7, jax-rs, jersey, wildfly, spring
- guava collections
- slf4j, splunk
- git, bitbucket peer review
- junit4, mockito, hamcrest, grizzly,
- choncordion, selenium, browserstack

# connection
 - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesalittle"><img src="In-Black-101px-R.png" height="101px"/> Linked</a>
 - <a href="https://github.com/alphafoobar"><img src="GitHub-Mark-120px-plus.png" height="101px"/> GitHub</a>
 - <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/users/7421645/james?tab=profile" height="101px"><img src="so-icon.png"/> Stack overflow</a>

Commit message:

Adding role description
- plus concurrency

untitled/resume.MD, after:

I'm excited about the increasing rate of innovation in the software industry. Especially in regards to 
automation, virtualisation and process optimisation. My goal is to meet business objective and produce 
quality code that is secure, maintainable and robust. 

In order maintain high availability, low risk, low complexity rapid change; my philosophy is lightweight, 
incremental, decoupled releases of sensibly tested, stateless, single responsibility components.

# experience
## java [developer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_developer) and kanban [kaizen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaizen) practitioner on a [single dealer platform](single dealer platform)
- working with a team in multiple locations and timezones

# skill stack
- java7, jax-rs, jersey, wildfly, spring
- concurrency, multi-threading
- guava collections
- slf4j, splunk
- git, bitbucket peer review
- junit4, mockito, hamcrest, grizzly,
- choncordion, selenium, browserstack

# connection
 - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesalittle"><img src="In-Black-101px-R.png" height="101px"/> Linked</a>
 - <a href="https://github.com/alphafoobar"><img src="GitHub-Mark-120px-plus.png" height="101px"/> GitHub</a>
 - <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/users/7421645/james?tab=profile" height="101px"><img src="so-icon.png"/> Stack overflow</a>
